I am Hammy the Hamster.
I live with my mother Henrietta, my father Harry, my sister Hachi, and my brother Hal.
We live in South America and you can’t miss our home.
It is the burrow under the trees that look like the letter
H.When we are out during the day, we are very careful so we aren’t caught.
We might get trapped and become someone’s pet.
So we are mostly out after dark.
We like to eat seeds and fruit and can carry it back home in our pouches.
Our cheeks have built in shopping bags.
Just like you, we like to play  and have fun.
We have fun running into the light and chasing our shadows on the leaves.
Last night Hachi and I found this thing.
When you pushed a button, it lit up like the sun.
We like to climb things and explore.
Our cousins Lester, Larry, and Lorain live in the city.
They are someone’s pet.
They sent us this picture and said they had a lot of fun but missed playing with us.
Lester said he liked people.
He always had food and water and lots of toys to play with.
He even likes to take a ride in the pocket of his people friend, Billy.
I might be your pet some day.
If I ever become your pet, I hope you take good care of me because I will do all I can to be your friend.
Adios Amigos.
When you see red,STOP!When you see green,GO.But wait.
What is yellow?
CAUTION, you should know.
Red signs, and lights, and markings on the street.
Stop, and look, and listen; before you move your feet.
If cars drive on the right, look left then right, you knowIf cars drive on the left, look right then left, that’s so.
No matter what the color, be it red or green.Remember that there’s yellow.
Use CAUTION in-between.
Remember that there’s yellow.
On Monday, I went fishing with my dad.
He caught a big one, I was sad.
On Tuesday, we fished  a different spot.
He caught another and I did not.
On Wednesday, we fished a different lake.
The fish were there for him to take.
Thursday came and we hit the river.
He caught  five, I got a sliver.
On Friday I told him, I needed a rest.
He said, “Let’s go, and give it your best.”Saturday
came and he caught more.
I tried so hard, my arms were sore.
Sunday morning we were there very fast.
I baited my hook and made a cast.
A tug on my line, my reel was screaming.
I caught a fish, my eyes were gleaming.
When I got it to the boat.
We were amazed to see.
The biggest fish in the lake was caught by me!Jimmy had just turned 5 and was starting school.
He was frightened.
He had never been to school before.
Jimmy did not know what to expect and he did not want to leave home by himself.
Jimmy's Mom told him not to be afraid as she walked him to his bus stop.
She told him he would make new friends and have lots of fun.
Jimmy was being brave as he got on the bus and sat down.
He waved to his Mom as the bus drove away.
On a beach by a tree, sat my family and me.
Then shouted a hog, "There's a Dog On A
Log!!"A
Dog On A Log?Well, how can that be?He must be saving that big, frightening flea.
Now why would a dog be saving a flea?Especially in the water on the branch of a tree.
I couldn't believe what I saw happen next.
Even that Dog On A Log was perplexed.
The flea pulled on a rope and up came a boat.
I'll bet you can't guess what happened next.
A flea family ran from the dog's little toe.
They got into the boat and began to row.
Once on the shore, they ran through the sand.
Over a cookie in my left hand.
Right to the hog, that's where they went.
They found a new home with an unpleasant scent.
As for the Dog, he's still riding that log.
As for me-Ouch-I think I have a flea.
My name is Allie Kay and I would like to tell you about my first pet.
However, before I can, you have to understand that I am a little older than you are and have a family of my own.
Oh!Don’t worry.
I am not going to talk to you like a big person.
I am going to let my imagination take me back in time to when I was 7 years old.
The best part is that I don’t have to try to remember everything.
All I have to do is open my journal and read.
If you are a girl, or a boy, and don’t have a journal to write down all the special things, get one.
As you grow you can read it and your imagination will magically send you back in time.
Ah!There is the entry - My First Pet.
Dear Journal:  This morning I asked my Mom if I could have a pet and she said no.
She said that pets make a mess and are a big responsibility.
Then she said I wasn’t old enough, or responsible enough, to take care of a pet.
Well, I know I would take good care of a pet.
I am so sad.
I really, really, really want a pet of my own and I can’t have one.
I just got home from school and put my books down when my Mom said, “Allie Kay, if you have any homework you had better get it done now.
Your brother is spending the night at a friend’s house so I have decided to take you to the carnival.”I
shrieked in excitement and couldn’t help doing my Happy Dance.
They were always different.
Sometimes I put my hands under my arms,like little wings, and strut like a chicken.
Other times I spin around like a great ballerina.
Today, for some reason, I put my hands in front of my ears, wiggled them, puffed up my cheeks, and moved around like a fish.
“I will do my homework right now, mom.”
I said.
Oh!
I just couldn’t wait.
“I’m goin’ to the carnival, I’m goin’ to the carnival, I’m goin’ to the carnival,” I sang as I did my Happy Dance.
Mom asked me what I wanted to do first.
Without hesitating I said, “Cotton Candy.
Let’s get Cotton Candy.”Mom
didn’t get any
but I got the jumbo size, rainbow colored, fluffy, sticky, DELICIOUS spun sugar blob on a stick.
It was wonderful.
Mmm!I can still taste it.
“Mom, let’s ride the ferris wheel,” I said excitedly.
After a short time in line, it was our turn.
We stepped up a few stairs, took our seat, and a man buckled us in.
We were off.
I shrieked with excitement as we started going around, higher, and higher.
I screamed when we got to the top.
It was really high.
When we started going down I got a tickle in my stomach.
It made me laugh.
It was GREAT!“Oh, please mom, please,” I said in my saddest voice.
Then the nice man looked at my mom and said.
“Lady, it is really hard to win so I don’t think you have to worry.
”“Oh, please mom, please,” I said again.
Then a strange thing happened.
My mom said, “Okay Allie Kay, if you can get the ball in the bowl, in one try, you can have a PET FISH.”I didn’t know what to say.
Mom said I could have a PET FISH.As
I looked at all the fish, and watched others tossing balls at the bowls, I spotted the prettiest goldfish I had ever seen.
I just had to have him.
I took aim, gently tossed the ball at the bowl, and then tightly closed my eyes.
I just could not look.
“We have a winner,” I heard the nice man say.
When I opened my eyes, he was holding out the fishbowl and the prettiest goldfish for me to take.
“I am going to name you Moebus,” I said to the fish.
(I think I saw him smile).Then I looked at Mom.
I didn’t know her face could look so funny.
As we were leaving the game, the nice man said.
“Remember, don’t feed him too much.”I
had MY
FIRST PET!When we got home, I told mom not to worry.
I would be responsible and take very good care of Moebus.
Every day I would feed Moebus and talk to him.
I even tried to get him to do tricks.
But that didn’t work.
After several days, Moebus didn’t look too good.
I asked mom what I should do
but she didn’t know.
She said she never had a pet and that I had said I would be responsible for Moebus.
I was sad and scared.
I didn’t want anything bad to happen to Moebus.“Allie
Kay,” mom said.
“The man down the street has a fishpond, maybe he can help Moebus.”I
picked up the bowl and headed to my neighbor’s house as fast as I could.
Mom was right behind me.
I had seen the man many times and knew that his children were grown and had children of their own.
But I had never talked to him.
I was nervous and a little scared.
But I rang his doorbell.
“Hi,” I said in a bubbly voice.
“My name is Allie Kay and I live down the street.”“Nice
to meet you,” he said.
“I am Ted but my Grandchildren call me Pop Pop, and you can too.
Oh, I see you have a very pretty goldfish.
What’s his name?”
“Moebus,” I replied.
Pop Pop continued.
“Moebus looks like he needs his water changed, come on out back to my fishpond and we will refresh him.”Pop
Pop said.
“Allie Kay, you are a very responsible young person.
You recognized that Moebus was a little under the weather and got him some help.
Others may have just let him live in dirty water, getting sicker, and sicker.
You must really love Moebus.”“Oh!
I do,” I said.
“Moebus is my first pet.  
Will he be alright?”At that, Pop Pop put Moebus in the fishpond with all the other fish.
I started to say something and Pop Pop said.
“Don’t worry.
Let’s get Moebus a bigger bowl (I’ll trade you this small one for a big one).”How could I refuse?Pop Pop then gave me a big bowl and said go get some gravel, wash it, put it in the bowl, and fill the bowl with water.
I did and by the time I was done, Pop Pop had Moebus in a net and ready for his new home.
My mom and I thanked Pop Pop and as we were leaving, he said two things.
To me - “Remember to change his water every three days and if you need help please ask.”To
my mom – “You must be proud to have  such a responsible and caring pet owner as your daughter.”As
mom and I stood by the table and watched Moebus swimming in his new home, she gave me a hug and said, “I am glad you got your first pet.”I
like doing my chores.
Well, maybe not all of them but most of them.
Hmm, maybe not most of them.
But a lot of them.
Okay, maybe not a lot of them.
But a few of them.
Well, maybe not a few of them but None of them!Just fooling I really do like doing my chores.
When I do my chores, it helps my Mommy and Daddy, and as you know Mummies and Daddies sometimes need a lot of help.
When I do my chores, it makes me feel important and I like to be important.
Don’t you?Sometimes
I have chores that I do not like to do.
When that happens I make up a silly game and that makes the chore easier.
Like yesterday, I had to put my laundry away and I pretended that I was hiding it from my Mommy.
It was fun and I think I remember where I put it.
Just fooling.
It is in my dresser where it belongs.
Sometimes when all my chores are done, we go to the park or have other special time.
I know if my chores weren’t done we wouldn’t be able to do that.
“So be important and have some fun.
Do your chores until they are done.”Hi, I am Abe and I am a Service Dog.
When I was a puppy, my owner told me I would be a Service Dog for a person who could not see.
I didn’t know what that meant, but I knew it was something special.
When I got a little older, I was sent away to school.
My sister was sent to another school to learn how to help people with Autism.
To be their friend and help them get around.
One of my other brothers was sent to a special school so he could learn how to warn people that they were going to get sick before they did.
My other brothers and sisters became good friends with people in good families.
Not every dog can become a Service Dog.
School was hard.
I had to learn many things just like you.
I had to learn to stop and look before crossing the street.
And learn what a red, yellow, and green directional light meant and what I should do.
I was taught how to guide a person to go left, right, to step up and down, to stop, to move forward a little, to back up, and much more.
I had to learn where I was and how to get back, even in strange areas.
I had to learn how to behave in a restaurant and never, ever, beg for food.
That was hard.
I had to learn that I could be a plain old playful dog as long as my halter was off.
But once it was on...
I was working.
I became the eyes of my master and their safety and how they got around was up to me.
After a long time in school, I graduated and my trainer introduced me to BJ.The person who would become my master.
We were both excited.
We trained together for several weeks and became very good friends.
She was really nice and we always spent fun-time together once she took my halter off.
One day the trainer said we were ready and I was off to a new home with my master and friend.
We shared many years together and had many wonderful experiences.
We went shopping, visited friends, ate in fine restaurants, and traveled across the country.
I took care of BJ.I knew when she didn’t feel right and could tell if she was happy or unhappy, sad, grumpy, or whatever.
I would always try to make things better for her.
A long time has passed and now I can’t help my friend any more.
BJ is off to school again and training with a new Service Dog.
I will meet him tomorrow and help him understand his new master.
Then I become like my other brothers and sisters.
I become a good friend for people in a good family.
You really couldn’t ask for more.

