A new instrument for measuring ozone levels.
The photographer came early to set up his equipment.
The recreation ground is an area of public land that is used for sports and outdoor games.
She loves all kinds of animals.
The device was used for counting.
That is a fine looking vehicle.
It was not the only memorable garment she wore in concert that summer.
A computer can do some tasks better than a person can.
A large bird flew overhead.
It is the continent's largest wild land mammal.
No human could have caused this.
The inventor and his canine sidekick go on the hunt for a destructive giant rabbit.
With feline grace, he strode across the room.
She grew up to become a confident and beautiful woman.
It was a strange thing for a man to say.
The cat would like to eat the mouse.
The dog kept barking all night.
There is a nice park in the center of the town.
There were children running in the playground.
The mother duck swam quietly by.
This bus can take all of the students to the field trip.
A telescope is like a very strong eye.
I want to explore and get in touch with my inner self.
Simp is a computer program.
Simp cannot see or run.
Simp can compute.
Mary and John walked in the park.
Mary was given a raise by her employer.
Jane affirmed that she was telling the truth.
Janet does not have to go to school.
Janet feeds Pookie every day.
Janet likes to brush Pookie.
See Bob.
See Bob run.
See Bob run in the park.
John and Mary walked in the park with Pookie.
Pete took a swallow of his coffee.
They enjoyed lunch with Sam doing most of the talking.
Pookie is a cat.
Pookie can not fly.
Pookie can run fast.
See Pookie run fast in the park.
Daffy is a duck.
Daffy can fly.
Bob has a hat.
He put his hat back on and made his way home.
He put on his coat becuase it is cold outside.
She put on her coat, hat, and gloves, and then she went outside.
She was wearing a black dress.
The dress was too long.
I need to buy a new pair of pants.
The red pants are hers.
He exchanged the blue shirt for a red one.
She picked out a pink shirt for me to try on.
The boy hit the ball with his new bat.
She hit a home run with the wood bat.
A dog ate the duck.
A big cat ate the duck in the park.
Cats do not like dogs.
See Pookie run fast in the park.
The bus is faster than Pookie.
Mary saw Pookie in the park with a telescope.

