""" 
Notes:

    declarative sentence (statement)
    interrogative sentence (question)
    imperative sentence (command)
    exclamative sentence (exclamation)
    

    Per Wordy.com

        Subject–Verb
        Subject–Verb–Object
        Subject–Verb–Adjective
        Subject–Verb–Adverb
        Subject–Verb–Noun


    Per english.com:
    
        1.) A sentence is a group of words that has a complete thought, meaning or idea.
        2.) Every English sentence starts with a Subject followed by a Verb.
        3.) Every English sentence must have a verb.
        4.) A Subject tells who or what the sentence is about.
        5.) The Verb is the action word that tells what someone or something does.
        6.) Add -s to most verbs to tell about one person, place or a thing. e.g One bird stops.
        7.) The words (am, is, are) are verbs called (to-be) They tell about now. e.g. I am six. Kip is little
        8.) Use AM to tell about yourself. Use IS to tell about one person, thing, place. Use ARE to tell about more than one.
        9.) A noun names a person, animal, place or a thing.
        10.) A sentence always starts with a capital letter and ends with an ending mark.


    Per waldenu.edu:
    
    Simple sentences:
        A simple sentence is an independent clause with no conjunction or dependent clause.
        
    Compound sentences:
        A compound sentence is two independent clauses joined by a conjunction (e.g., and, but, or, for, nor, yet, so).
        
    Complex sentences:
        A complex sentence contains one independent clause and at least one dependent clause. The clauses in a complex
        sentence are combined with conjunctions and subordinators, terms that help the dependent clauses relate to the
        independent clause. Subordinators can refer to the subject (who, which), the sequence/time (since, while), or the
        causal elements (because, if) of the independent clause.
        
    Compound-complex sentences:
        A compound-complex sentence contains multiple independent clauses and at least one dependent clause. These
        sentences will contain both conjunctions and subordinators.

    
"""
